PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Top Glove Sdn Bhd, Factory 23, Ipoh, Perak (November 2020 to Today)
Joined largest glove manufacturer in the world, as Engineer position in Production department, specializing in manufacturing, supply and distribution of polymer powder-free textured gloves. Played major role in core manufacturing department as:
 
An Engineer:
	1. Reported to Manufacuring Managers in execute engineering improvement projects  
	2. 
	3. Self-learning PLC Programming Language (Ladder Diagram and Structured Text language) 
	4. Converted production board to smartboard TV accessible from anywhere by self-written HTML and CSS language with Google Sheet Embedded
	5. Minimized workload and mistakes at compounding department by creating online chemical calculator with Javascript programming language
6. 


SCADA Electronics 


Digitalize 60% of manual hand-wrtitten documents ( in production department to Microsoft Excel and Google Form

A Manufacturing Line PIC:
	1. Maximised output of production line to achieve target output KPI setting
	2. Carried out adhoc troubleshooting with supervisors and leaders on glove and defects on-site to ensure good quality products
	3. Conducted production whiteboard planning with major department (i.e. Compounding, Packing) weekly on Monday or on adhoc discussion urgent matters
	4. Worked with Former department to maintain ceramic formers (glove dipping rice bowl)at 99.0% cleanliness
	5. Focused Total Preventative Department (TPM) with Maintenance department to improve and achieve 93.0% production line uptime (December 2023) compared to 
	6. Controlled manufacturing cost by carton (CPC) by boosting output while focused in reducing consumption of raw material (Latex), cleaning reagent and natural gas 
	7.  Performed and lead mass scale trial run at production line with Research & Development (R&D) team





A Production Staff
	1.  Ensure product output meets International Standard
			ASTM(XXX)

	2. Monitor production department 
		- ISO 9001	Quality Management System (QMS)
		- ISO 14001	Environmental 

	3. Take part as Emergency Response Team (ERT) and First Aid Team

	4.Involvement in Factory Audit (Sirim Audit BRC audit) 

	5. Attended workers’ problem, such as attendance, OT arrangement during PH, 
